#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.6.5
    # via flask-migrate
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via graphene
click==8.0.1
    # via flask
flask==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-graphql
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-graphql==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
graphene==2.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
graphene-sqlalchemy==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   flask-graphql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
    #   graphql-server-core
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
graphql-server-core==1.2.0
    # via flask-graphql
greenlet==1.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via flask
mako==1.1.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   graphql-server-core
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via alembic
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
rx==1.6.1
    # via graphql-core
singledispatch==3.7.0
    # via graphene-sqlalchemy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   singledispatch
sqlalchemy==1.4.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via flask
